CodePen link: https://codepen.io/eglez/pen/jOyLJPY

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
An element with meaning

2. What is HTML used for? 
Provide structure to the webpage

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
A label that provides more information, for example, the href in an anchor element

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is used for marking the most important text on a webpage. It should only be used once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Anchor tag and img tag.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
Metadata about the document such as the title.

7. What is an id?
An attribute that identifies a unique element.

8. What elements can I add an id to?
Any inside the body.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once.

10. What is a class?
An attribute that identifies a group of tags.

11. What elements can I add a class to?
Any inside the body.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
As many times as you want.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Target="_blank"

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
To assist screen readers.

15. How do I reference an id?
with a #

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section is semantic, div is non semantic.

17. What is CSS used for?
styling a webpage.

18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {

}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
classes can be used more than once and ids cannot.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.classname

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
.human p {

}

22. What is a parent-child selector? When would this be useful?
A selector that selects all the children elements of a specific parent. 

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar div a {

}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A selector that selects special states of an element like :hover

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height or padding or margin.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase;
text-transform: lowercase;
text-transform: capitalize;

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
    border: 1px dotted black;
}

29. How do I select everything on the page?
body{

}

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* this is a comment */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
rm for files and rm -r for directories. You need to be carful because there is no confirmation.

34. Why should I use version control?
To save progress during development. It helps you keep track of changes, especially in a team.

35. How often should I commit to github?
every 20 minutes or so.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push -u origin branch-name

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    1. fork the Lambda repository.
    2. clone the repo onto your local machine
    3. move into the repo by using the cd command.
    4. create your own branch using the git checkout -b your-name
    5. add your changes to the project.
    6. Track your files by using git add
    7. save your changes by using git commit
    8. push your changes to the remote repository on GitHub by using git push
    9. create a pull request
    10. Submit to Canvas



Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
